AND WE HAVE LIFTOFF.
(telephone rings)
(beep)
YELLO?
HOUSE OF THE FUTURE.
PHIL, YOU HAVE
TWO WHOLE DAYS TO YOURSELF.
PLEASE TELL ME YOU'RE NOT
GONNA SPEND THEM
TRYING TO WIRE THE HOUSE
TO YOUR iPad.
NOPE,
'CAUSE I'VE ALREADY DONE IT.
(man) SHOWERS
AND THUNDERSTORMS...
I THINK
WHEN YOU GET HOME,
YOU'RE GONNA BE VERY SURPRISED
TO SEE THAT THIS HOUSE
HAS AN ACTUAL
FUNCTIONING BRAIN IN IT.
(snickers)
GREAT. GREAT.
NOW GO OUT
AND SEE SOME FRIENDS.
I'M HEADED OUT NOW.
I HAVE A THIRD SHOWING
AT THAT COLONIAL.
CAM GAVE ME
A FREE PASS TO HIS GYM.
I AM--
NOT TOO BRIGHT.
MM.
I am--
DIM!
(Manny laughs)
HONEY, IF YOU COULD
HEAR YOURSELF.
PROMISE ME YOU'LL GO OUTSIDE
AND PLAY.
MISS YOU, TOO.
(beep)
(whooshes)
PHIL DUNPHY,
THIS IS THE YEAR 2025.
WELCOME.
YOU'RE THE FIRST ONE HERE.
♪
SHALL WE HIT
THE WATERSLIDE FIRST?
I MAY JUST SIT
IN THE ROOM FOR A BIT.
UGH!
STOP MOPING!
SO YOU DIDN'T GET A DATE
TO ONE STUPID DANCE.
IT'S NOT ONE STUPID DANCE.
IT'S THE KICKOFF
TO THE WHOLE DANCE SEASON.
IT'S LIKE YOU'VE NEVER
HEARD BOYS TALK.
HI.
WE ARE HERE
FOR THE ACADEMIC CHALLENGE.
IT'S UNDER "DUNPHY."
(under breath) OR IT COULD BE
UNDER "RETURNING CHAMPION."
NOT SURE
HOW THEY FILE THESE THINGS.
ALEX WINS THINGS,
WHICH IS GREAT.
BUT SHE PUTS
SO MUCH PRESSURE ON HERSELF.
I... I ALMOST WISH
SHE WOULD LOSE THIS YEAR.
PLUS, THAT WAY, I COULD GO
ON THE WATERSLIDE.
IT'S GOT A CORKSCREW,
2-SECOND FREEFALL,
AND A RADAR GUN
AT THE BOTTOM.
(laughs)
(whispers)
I'M PHIL.
NOTHING FROM THE MINIBAR,
AND NO PAY-PER-VIEW.
CAN WE AT LEAST--
NO, YOU MAY NOT
SEND THINGS OUT FOR PRESSING.
HONEY, WE HAVE AN HOUR
UNTIL THE COMPETITION.
DO YOU WANT TO GO
TO THE CONTESTANTS MIXER?
NO, I DON'T WANT
TO HUMANIZE THEM.
CAN YOU BELIEVE
THIS IS MY FIRST BAR MITZVAH?
YOU'LL LOVE IT.
I HEARD THE GIFT BAGS
HAVE SMARTPHONES.
JEWISH PEOPLE
ARE SO AWESOME.
OH, MY GOD.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
SHE SMILED AT ME.
PEOPLE GET THAT WAY
IN DANCE SEASON.
NO GIRL'S EVER SMILED AT ME
LIKE THAT.
LUKE, WE HAVE TO GO
TO THAT BAR MITZVAH.
WHY?
THERE WAS A CONNECTION.
I KNOW
THIS SOUNDS CRAZY,
BUT I FEEL LIKE MY WHOLE LIFE
HAS LED TO THIS MOMENT.
YOU MADE
A VERY SIMILAR SPEECH
TO GET MY MOM TO STOP
FOR THOSE CHURROS.
LUKE, I NEED YOU FOR THIS.
YOU'RE SNEAKIER THAN I AM.
YOU'RE A BIGGER LIAR.
YOU HAVE NO MORAL COMPASS.
LOOK, THANKS FOR ALL
THE COMPLIMENTS,
BUT BREAKING INTO
ONE STUPID PARTY?
(chuckles)
THAT'S NOT EVEN A CHALLENGE.
(sighs)
OH, NO.
THREE BAR MITZVAHS?
NOW IT'S INTERESTING.
(doorbell rings)
(ring)
CAM, STOP.
WHAT? WE HAVE TO GET THEM
OUT OF THERE.
WHAT'S TAKING THEM?
(ring)
WE HAVE
THE MOST AMAZING GIFT
FOR JAY AND GLORIA'S
NURSERY.
IT WAS CAM'S IDEA,
AND IT'S A PRETTY BIG SWING.
IT'S NOT A SWING.
I JUST NEED JAY AND GLORIA
OUT OF THE HOUSE
FOR A MINIMUM
OF FOUR HOURS
SO I CAN HAVE
MY CREW INSTALL IT.
SIMPLE.
OH, PLEASE.
IF IT WERE
UP TO YOU,
WE'D GET THEM SOMETHING
OFF THEIR GIFT REGISTRY.
OH, YOU MEAN
THE LIST OF THINGS
THAT THEY SPECIFICALLY SAID
THAT THEY WANTED?
OH, THEY DON'T KNOW
WHAT THEY WANT.
(ringing continues)
(Jay)...BEFORE I SNAP
HIS FINGER OFF!
(ringing)
AY, NO.
JAY WAS SUPPOSED TO CANCEL.
WE CANNOT GO TO LUNCH.
OH, NO.
I AM SORRY,
BUT HE'S SUPPOSED TO PICK UP
THE CRIB AT THE STORE,
AND I AM TOO TIRED.
THE BABY KICKED ME
ALL NIGHT.
IT'S EITHER GOING TO BE
A FOOTBALL PLAYER
OR A CHORUS GIRL.
YOU CAN BE BOTH.
MY SENIOR YEAR,
I WAS A RIGHT-SIDE LINEBACKER
AND A LEFT-SIDE
CANCAN DANCER IN "GIGI."
WOW, SHE REALLY SET YOU UP
FOR THAT ONE, DIDN'T SHE?
YEAH, WHEN IT CAME
OUT OF HER MOUTH,
I NEARLY STOPPED
BREATHING.
YOU DIDN'T CALL THEM
TO CANCEL.
SORRY.
YOU WANT GAS MONEY?
DON'T PAY
ATTENTION TO HIM.
HE'S BEEN
VERY GRUMPY LATELY.
OKAY,
HERE'S A THOUGHT--
MITCHELL, YOU GO
TO THE CRIB STORE WITH JAY.
THAT WAY I CAN SPEND
SOME QUALITY TIME
WITH THIS
PRETTY LADY.
NO, I'M GOING
TO LAY DOWN.
NO, NO, I'M GONNA
TAKE YOU BOTH TO LUNCH.
OKAY?
THERE, IT'S SETTLED.
NOW GO PUT A LIP ON.
OKAY? COME ON.
FINE. I GUESS YOU WON'T
GET IN THE WAY.
YOU MEAN IT, PA?
REALLY AND FOR TRUE?
I WON'T GET IN THE WAY?
(woman)
OH, THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
(lowered voice) OH, YEAH.
THE CHAIRS ARE ROCKS.
(boy, amplified voice)
CHARLEMAGNE.
(bell dings)
YOU CAN GET
A 1-DAY CUSHION FOR $8,
OR A 2-DAY FOR $12.
(man, amplified voice)
ALEX DUNPHY.
LAST YEAR, I GOT 2
1-DAYERS--BIG MISTAKE.
(man)
WHO WROTE THE 95 THESES?
MY DAUGHTER WENT ON
TO WIN THE WHOLE THING,
AND ALL I COULD THINK WAS,
"I JUST FLUSHED
$4 DOWN THE TOILET."
(Alex, amplified voice)
JOHN CALVIN.
(buzzer)
(normal voice)
WHOO! ALEX!
(lowered voice) I GUESS I JUST
DIDN'T WANT TO PRESUME
THAT WE WOULD BE HERE
FOR THE TWO DAYS.
BUT STILL,
WHAT KIND OF MESSAGE
WAS I SENDING
WITH THE 1-DAYER?
YOU "WHOO'D" ME?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I'M OUT.
I GOT THE QUESTION WRONG,
WHICH IS EMBARRASSING ENOUGH
WITHOUT YOU "WHOO-ING" ME!
ALEX! ALEX,
COME BACK HERE.
(whispering indistinctly)
DON'T!
WAIT, WHAT ARE
THE LAST FOUR NUMBERS AGAIN?
1-9-8-4.
IT'S KIND OF A LUCKY NUMBER
FOR ME.
IT'S THE YEAR
"FOOTLOOSE" CAME OUT.
OH, YEAH. AND I REALLY AM GONNA
CALL YOU FOR THAT REMATCH.
ANYTIME.
I MEAN,
NOT SUPER-LATE,
BUT... WAIT,
YOU'RE A BULLDOG?
YEAH.
YOU?
UM... (barks)
(barks)
(barks and laughs)
(laughs) I KNEW THERE WAS
SOMETHING ABOUT YOU I LIKED.
OH, YOU MEAN BESIDES ME
LETTING YOU WIN? HA.
(laughs) YOU KNOW,
WE HAVE A BIG GAME TODAY.
YOU WANNA
WATCH IT TOGETHER?
OH.
UH, WELL...
SHOOT. I'M--I'M LATE
FOR A SHOWING.
NO PRESSURE AT ALL,
BUT IF YOU FEEL LIKE IT,
WE COULD WATCH
IT AT MY PLACE.
I COULD TEXT YOU
THE ADDRESS.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, THANKS.
HEY, IT WAS GREAT
MEETING YOU, PHIL.
YOU, TOO, DAVE.
HEY, IT'S ME.
YEAH, YOU WERE TOTALLY RIGHT
ABOUT THIS GYM.
I JUST MET
THE CUTEST GUY.
WHAT DID I TELL YOU?
THAT PLACE IS LIKE A GAY BAR
WITH DUMBBELLS.
(chuckles)
REDUNDANT.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
MUCH ABOUT HIM,
BUT HE INVITED ME
OVER TO HIS PLACE
TO WATCH
A FOOTBALL GAME TONIGHT.
OH, MY GOSH,
A DATE.
I HAVE A GOOD FEELING
ABOUT THIS.
OH, WELL, DON'T START
PLANNING THE WEDDING YET.
I MEAN, I'M NOT EVEN SURE
IF IT'S A DATE DATE.
YOU MET HIM
AT HOOK-UP CENTRAL.
OF COURSE
IT'S A DATE DATE.
AM I EVEN READY
FOR A DATE DATE?
Tough love time,
David--
SIMON LEFT YOU
SIX MONTHS AGO,
AND YOU'RE BUMMING
EVERYONE OUT.
IT'S TIME TO GET BACK UP
ON THAT HORSE.
(lowered voice)
HOPE TO SEE YOU TONIGHT, DAVE.
(barks)
I CAN'T REMEMBER
THE LAST TIME
A MAN MADE THAT SOUND
FOR ME.
("Hava Nagila" playing,
rhythmic clapping)
SHE'S NOT HERE.
WE HAVE THE WRONG BAR MITZVAH.
NOT IF YOU LIKE
PRIME RIB, BUBBIE.
YOU SAID TO BLEND.
I PICKED UP SOME EXPRESSIONS
AT THE LATKE STATION.
P.S.--
THEY'RE HASH BROWNS.
WE'RE NOT BLENDING.
SHE'S AT ONE OF THE OTHER TWO.
COME ON.
OH. SORRY.
SUCH A HURRY,
THIS ONE.
COME ON.
(door opens)
THAT IS TOO CUTE.
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
OH, THAT'S THE STORE MASCOT.
THAT'S HUGGA BUNNY.
HE GOES AROUND
AND HE HUGS--
NO, I GET IT.
NICE FOR FLU SEASON.
HE OUGHT TO BE CALLED
CONJUNCTIVITIS BUNNY.
OKAY.
UH, SO, DAD,
THE CRIBS ARE OVER THERE,
BUT WHILE WE'RE HERE,
A LITTLE ADVICE--YOU CAN
NEVER HAVE TOO MANY ONESIES.
ALL RIGHT?
ANY EVENT, DAY OR NIGHT.
THROW ONE ON,
LITTLE PAIR OF BOOTIES,
BOOM--
READY TO GO OUT.
DRESS IT UP,
YOU COULD DRESS IT DOWN.
YOU COULD--DAD?
DAD?
SOMETHING WAS CLEARLY
GOING ON WITH MY DAD,
BUT I WASN'T ABOUT
TO GET SUCKED IN.
IT'S HAPPENED BEFORE.
"DAD, YOU SEEM SAD.
DO YOU WANNA TALK?"
(gruff voice) "TALK?!
WHAT ARE WE, GIRLFRIENDS?"
(normal voice)
TO USE A SPORTS REFERENCE,
PUT THE FOOTBALL
AWAY, LUCY.
I AIN'T KICKIN'.
SO SATURDAY NOON?
SATURDAY NOON'S FINE, JAY.
YEAH.
HEY, DAD, I PICKED YOU UP
A DIAPER BAG.
FUN FACT--
THIS INSULATED POUCH
WILL KEEP A BOTTLE
OF PROSECCO COLD
FOR AN ENTIRE
WIGGLES CONCERT.
HI.
UH, MITCH, IT'S DOCTOR--
BOB JENSEN.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
JAY, I WILL SEE YOU.
YEAH, I'LL SEE YOU THEN.
GOOD, BOB.
DOCTOR?
SWEATER VEST?
MY DAD ACTING ALL SHIFTY?
HE WAS SEEING A SHRINK.
"DAD, I CAN SEE THAT YOU'RE
GOING THROUGH SOMETHING."
(gruff voice) "AND I CAN SEE
YOUR BRA STRAP, OPRAH.
MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS."
(exhales)
TEE UP THE FOOTBALL
ALL YOU WANT, LUCY.
STILL AIN'T KICKIN'.
SHE CLEARLY MISHEARD
THE QUESTION.
THE ACOUSTICS IN HERE
ARE TERRIBLE.
ESPECIALLY
FOR A LITTLE GIRL
JUST GETTING OVER
AN EAR INFECTION.
OH, MY GOD,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
(lowered voice)
I WAS EXPLAINING YOUR--
OH, I HEARD,
BECAUSE MY EARS ARE FINE.
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T ASK HER TO DO THIS.
I'M TRYING
TO HELP YOU.
YOU WERE NOT.
YOU WERE TRYING TO HELP YOU.
YOU'RE JUST MAD
BECAUSE NOW YOU CAN'T PARADE ME
AROUND LIKE
SOME SHOW PONY.
THAT IS NOT TRUE.
OH, DON'T DENY IT.
YOU BOUGHT THE 2-DAY CUSHION.
WHO ARE YOU TO JUDGE?
("Hava Nagila" playing,
rhythmic clapping)
(mouths words)
(door opens)
THANK YOU FOR A FUN DAY, OKAY?
GOOD-BYE.
GOOD-BYE?
AY, CAM,
SORRY,
BUT THE LUNCH
WAS TWO HOURS,
AND THEN YOU HAD TO SHOW ME
YOUR FIRST APARTMENT.
OH, COULD YOU BELIEVE
HOW I USED TO LIVE?
I REALLY NEED
TO TAKE A NAP NOW.
NO. NO, NO. NO.
NO. NO, NO. NO, NO.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I HAVE, UH, SOMETHING
I WANT YOU TO DO
THAT'S EVEN MORE RELAXING
THAN A NAP.
YEAH.
NO. I WANT TO TAKE A NAP.
THERE'S MY MAN.
THAT'S ME.
YOUR MAN.
I BROUGHT SPINACH DIP.
I DON'T KNOW WHY.
I'LL TELL YOU WHY.
'CAUSE IT'S DELICIOUS,
AND YOU'RE
AN AWESOME GUEST.
GET IN HERE.
ALL RIGHT.
HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD.
YOU?
UH, BY THE WAY,
I LEFT A MESSAGE
FOR MY BROTHER-IN-LAW
AND HIS PARTNER
TO JOIN US,
TOO.
OH, MORE PEOPLE.
GOOD.
NICE HOUSE, BY THE WAY.
THANKS.
WAIT A MINUTE.
IS THAT YOUR FAMILY?
ARE YOU MARRIED?
YEAH, BUT DON'T WORRY.
WE HAVE THE HOUSE TO OURSELVES.
THEY'RE ALL OUT OF TOWN.
I AM LONG OVERDUE
FOR A BOYS' NIGHT.
OH, SO YOUR WIFE
IS OKAY WITH--
OH, YEAH.
SHE SUGGESTED IT.
SHE KNOWS I NEED THIS
EVERY SO OFTEN.
LONG AS I CLEAN UP AFTERWARDS,
SHE'S FINE.
OH.
YOU READY
FOR A MARGARITA?
SURE.
(sniffs)
SOOTHING, RIGHT?
YOU SEE, AS THE MUSIC
RELAXES THE BABY,
YOU RELAX.
NO, YOU'RE MAKING THE BABY
JUMP ON MY BLADDER.
HOW CAN IT RELAX LISTENING
TO A SONG ABOUT A HOOKER?
SHE'S NOT A HOOKER,
SHE'S A PRIVATE DANCER.
A DANCER FOR MONEY.
SHE'LL DO WHAT YOU WANT HER TO--
OH, MY GOSH,
I TAUGHT LILY THIS SONG.
(cell phone rings)
EXCUSE ME.
(beep)
HELLO?
(Dave) He's married.
TO A WOMAN.
YEAH, SHE'S OUT OF TOWN.
I DON'T KNOW.
THEY MUST HAVE SOME SORT OF
ARRANGEMENT OR SOMETHING.
So what? If they know about it,
who cares?
YOU'RE NOT READY
FOR A RELATIONSHIP ANYWAY.
JUST HAVE SOME FUN.
IT FEELS WEIRD.
HE HAS OTHER PEOPLE
COMING OVER.
I THINK
I'M GONNA BAIL ON THIS.
He's just feeling you out
like you're feeling him out.
I PROMISE YOU,
THESE OTHER GUESTS
WILL MYSTERIOUSLY CANCEL.
(call waiting beeps)
HOLD ON JUST A SECOND,
SWEETIE.
(beep)
HELLO?
(Phil) Hey, you guys
still coming?
OH, I FORGOT TO CALL YOU.
WE HAVE TO CANCEL.
NO PROBLEM.
BYE.
(beep)
HEY.
MORE MARGARITAS
FOR US.
THE OTHER GUYS
JUST CANCELLED.
Are you still there?
YOU WERE RIGHT.
THE OTHER GUYS
JUST CANCELLED.
See?
NOW LISTEN TO ME.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TWO MARGARITAS.
MAYBE START A THIRD.
LAUGH AT HIS JOKES.
BUT NOT IN THAT
HIGH FALSETTO THING.
SOMETHING MORE MANLY.
LET'S PRACTICE.
HEY, I'M NOT GONNA
LAUGH FOR YOU.
YOU CAN BE VERY CONTROLLING,
YOU KNOW THAT?
WHY DOES EVERYBODY SAY
I'M CONTROLLING?
Oh.
Gotta go.
(beep)
LOOKS LIKE THIS KENNEL
IS FOR BULLDOGS ONLY.
(high-pitched laugh)
(deeper laugh)
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, I'M ALL RIGHT.
I'M GREAT.
OH, GOOD.
LISTEN, UH, I-I DON'T WANT THIS
TO SOUND WEIRD,
BUT, UM...
BUT YOU AND I, TONIGHT...
IS THIS, UH...
(fire whooshes,
slow R&B music playing)
SORRY, DAVE,
WHAT WAS THAT?
NOTHING.
(tapping)
HERE YOU GO.
FOR A SMALL FEE,
WE CAN COME TO YOUR HOUSE
AND ASSEMBLE
IT FOR YOU.
YEAH, MY DAD'S MORE
OF A DO-IT-YOURSELF-ER,
PLUS HE'S NOT ONE FOR STRANGERS
IN HIS PERSONAL SPACE.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, CAN I HELP YOU
CARRY IT TO YOUR CAR?
YEAH, HE'S NOT GONNA
GO FOR THAT, EITHER.
THE GUY WON'T EVEN USE
THE WHEELS ON HIS SUITCASE.
LIKES EVERYONE TO THINK
HE'S THIS BIG, TOUGH GUY WHO--
OKAY.
WOW.
YO! THERE HE IS.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GET THIS DONE.
HEY, DAD,
YOU KNOW--
NO, WE DON'T NEED
ANY HELP, MITCHELL.
JUST PICK UP YOUR END.
(grunts)
DAD, STOP, STOP, STOP.
WHAT?
A BREAK ALREADY?
DAD, YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY
GOING THROUGH SOMETHING.
LOOK, YOU DO NOT HAVE
TO GO THROUGH THIS ALONE.
I'M HERE TO TALK
IF YOU WANT.
(exhales deeply)
THAT'S REALLY
NICE OF YOU, MITCHELL,
BUT DO YOU WANNA
DO IT HERE?
'CAUSE I SAW
A LITTLE PRINCESS TABLE
WITH A TEA SET
ON IT.
YOU AND I COULD HAVE
A REAL GAB FEST.
ARGH!
I'M SUCH A BLOCKHEAD.
CAN'T WE JUST GET THIS
INTO THE CAR?
WHY? SO YOU'RE NOT LATE
FOR YOUR SHRINK SESSION?
WHAT?
YEAH.
I PICKED UP ON THAT.
BUNNY HUGGER!
SAW THAT, TOO.
MOBILE SPINNER.
(thuds)
I SWEAR TO GOD...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
BACK HERE?!
I DIDN'T HAVE
THE ROOM KEY,
AND I DON'T WANT TO BE
SEEN IN PUBLIC. (sighs)
I THOUGHT ABOUT
WHAT YOU SAID BEFORE...
(man, amplified voice)
WHEN DID CHINA'S LAST EMPEROR
ASCEND THE THRONE?
1909.
AND YOU CAN SAY
A LOT OF THINGS ABOUT ME,
BUT I AM NOT SOMEONE
WHO LIVES THROUGH HER KIDS.
(buzzer)
(man) SORRY.
IT'S 1909.
DO I LIKE TO SEE YOU SUCCEED?
OF COURSE I DO!
TRITIUM IS AN ISOTOPE
OF WHAT ELEMENT?
HYDROGEN.
BUT DO I NEED THAT TO MAKE
MYSELF FEEL IMPORTANT?
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
(buzzer)
NO, THE ANSWER IS HYDROGEN.
(inhales sharply)
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
I'M A LITTLE HURT
YOU WOULD THINK
I WAS SO SHALLOW.
THE PERSIAN SATRAPY OF SKUDRA
INCLUDED WHICH TWO AREAS?
MACEDONIA AND THRACE.
I KNOW MOMS LIKE THAT,
AND THAT IS NOT ME.
NO WAY.
(buzzer)
MACEDONIA AND THRACE.
ARE YOU FREAKING
KIDDING ME?!
MACEDONIA AND THRACE?
WHAT EVEN IS THAT?!
YOU'RE HARDLY EVEN LISTENING!
HOW COULD WE LOSE THIS?!
(breath quavers)
I SAID "WE."
YEAH.
YOU DO THAT SOMETIMES.
(exhales) I'M SO SORRY.
I AM ONE OF THOSE MOMS.
I LIKE IT TOO MUCH
WHEN YOU WIN.
I REALLY LOVE LORDING
IT OVER THE OTHER MOMS.
(chuckles)
WELL, IN OUR HOUSE,
I'M KIND OF YOUR ONLY SOURCE
FOR THAT.
YOU'RE TELLING ME.
HALEY E-MAILS ME
PICTURES OF HER NAILS.
AND LUKE ASKED ME
IF HE'S PART OWL.
HE DOES GET HIS HEAD
PRETTY FAR AROUND.
ALEX,
I'M SO SORRY.
IT'S OKAY.
MAYBE YOU DO
PUT PRESSURE ON ME,
BUT IT'S NOTHING COMPARED
TO WHAT I PUT ON MYSELF.
I GUESS I NEEDED
SOMEBODY TO BLAME
FOR WHAT HAPPENED
TODAY,
AND THERE YOU WERE.
YOU KNOW
I'M IN AWE OF YOU, RIGHT?
(both chuckle)
COME ON. I KNOW A BACK WAY
OUT OF THIS PLACE.
WAIT. DON'T YOU HAVE
TO RETURN THAT?
NO WAY.
I PAID GOOD MONEY FOR THIS.
WE'RE TAKING IT DOWN
THE WATERSLIDE.
OKAY.
HOW CAN SHE NOT BE HERE,
EITHER?
THIS IS HOPELESS.
(sighs)
HAVE A LITTLE FAITH.
DID THE JEWS GIVE UP
WHEN THE EGYPTIANS CHASED THEM
TO THE BANKS
OF THE RED SEA?
HOW DO YOU KNOW
ALL THIS STUFF?
WAS I THE ONLY ONE LISTENING
TO UNCLE MENACHEM'S TOAST?
WELL, I'M GLAD IT WORKED OUT
FOR THE ANCIENT JEWS,
BUT AT THE MOMENT
I DON'T SEE GOD DOING ME ANY--
LOOK!
(speaking inaudibly)
(Manny gasps)
I'M NOT GONNA
EMBARRASS YOU,
BUT YOU GOT ONE MINUTE
TO GET OUT OF HERE.
YOU, TOO.
IT'S FOR THE BEST.
ALL THIS SNEAKING AROUND
WAS KIND OF WEIGHING ON ME.
LET'S JUST GRAB
OUR GIFT BAGS AND GO.
NO.
I STILL HAVE 50 SECONDS.
EXCUSE ME.
HI.
MY NAME IS
MANNY DELGADO,
AND I'VE BEEN
SEARCHING FOR YOU
SINCE YOU SMILED AT ME
IN THE LOBBY TODAY--
MAYBE
EVEN MY WHOLE LIFE.
IT'S TOO LATE FOR US
TO HAVE THE MAGICAL NIGHT
I WAS HOPING FOR,
BUT IT'S NOT TOO LATE
FOR US TO HAVE A MEMENTO
OF WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN.
I'LL BE WAITING.
(sets brake)
OKAY, MITCH--
TOO LATE.
NOT INTERESTED.
(doors lock)
NOW LISTEN.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M JUST GONNA GO OUT THE BACK.
DOORS, SUNROOF--
ALL ON LOCKDOWN.
OKAY, LOOK, THAT GUY
YOU MET TODAY--
(sighs)
HE IS A SHRINK.
BUT I DON'T SEE HIM
ALL THE TIME.
YOU MOM AND I
SAW HIM A LITTLE
BEFORE THE DIVORCE.
BUT EVERY NOW AND THEN,
SOMETHING COMES UP FOR ME,
AND I GO IN FOR A TUNE-UP.
(clicks tongue) IF YOU'RE
WAITING FOR ME TO ASK
WHAT'S GOING ON WITH YOU,
YOU JUST BETTER KEEP WAITING,
'CAUSE I LEARNED
MY LESSON.
I'M DOWN ABOUT SOMETHING--
SOMETHING I KNEW WAS COMING,
AND NOW IT'S FINALLY
HAPPENING.
WE'RE TURNING MY OFFICE
INTO THE NURSERY TODAY.
YOU'VE BEEN MOPING AROUND
LIKE YOU LOST YOUR PLATOON
OVER A ROOM?
NOT JUST A ROOM.
IT'S THE ONLY PLACE
IN THIS HOUSE
WHERE I CAN STILL CLOSE
THE DOOR AND READ A BOOK
OR HAVE A DRINK.
EVERYTHING IN THERE
WAS MINE.
AH, WHO CARES?
EVERYBODY'S GOT THEIR PROBLEMS.
(doors unlock)
NO.
(lock clicks)
SEE, I CAN STILL
OPEN MY DOOR.
YOU JUST LOCKED
YOURSELF BACK IN.
LOOK, DAD, I...
(sighs)
I HAD TO GIVE UP
MY HOME OFFICE
FOR LILY'S BEDROOM,
AND I WAS UPSET ABOUT IT, TOO.
WASN'T HUGGING BUNNIES,
BUT...
ALL RIGHT.
I-I REALIZE THAT IT WASN'T
ABOUT AN OFFICE OR A ROOM.
IT WAS ABOUT HOW LILY
WAS GONNA CHANGE EVERYTHING.
BUT ONCE WE GOT HER
IN THERE,
I DON'T KNOW. I-I JUST--
I NEVER LOOKED BACK.
YEAH, I GUESS I'M JUST NERVOUS
ABOUT EVERYTHING, YOU KNOW.
YEAH.
THANKS, KID.
YOU KNOW, I'M JUST
RECALLING ME GRUMBLING
ABOUT GIVING UP
MY MG ROADSTER
WHEN YOU AND CLAIRE
CAME ALONG.
GREAT CAR.
NO BACKSEAT.
ISN'T IT FUNNY? THE STUPID
THINGS THAT WE THINK--
SHE WAS MY BABY.
(under breath)
--ARE SO IMPORTANT.
I GUESS ALL TOLD,
WE HAD ABOUT 50 CHICKENS.
MAYBE 115
HEAD OF HOGS.
LET'S SEE, 55 CATTLE.
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT'LL BE FUN?
LET'S SEE IF I CAN REMEMBER
ALL THEIR NAMES.
THERE WAS...(to the tune of
"Twinkle Twinkle Little Star")
♪ ALBERT, LISA ♪
♪ STEPH, AND MIKE ♪
GLORIA!
NO, GLORIA!
GLORIA! AHEM.
NO.
I DO NOT WANT TO HEAR
ONE MORE STORY.
I AM GOING
TO TAKE A NAP NOW.
OKAY, YEAH, SURE.
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
THIS DAY'S ABOUT YOU.
JUST ONE MORE THING--
NO, NO ONE MORE THING!
I JUST WANTED TO TAKE
A PICTURE, YOU KNOW,
TO COMMEMORATE
OUR SPECIAL DAY.
OKAY, FINE!
TAKE THE PICTURE!
NO, NOT HERE.
THE LIGHTING'S TERRIBLE.
I WAS THINKING
WE COULD TAKE IT...
(singsongy)
IN YOUR NEW NURSERY!
(groans)
(gasps)
NO, CAM.
NO.
BUT, GLORIA, COME--
SOMEBODY HAS TO
TELL YOU THIS. NO.
YOU TRY TO CONTROL
EVERYTHING.
YOU TAKE
OVER PEOPLE'S LIVES!
IT'S ALWAYS
TOO MUCH WITH YOU!
YOU KNOW, MAYBE WE SHOULD TALK
ABOUT THIS OUT IN THE HALLWAY.
WHY, BECAUSE THERE'S GONNA BE
BETTER LIGHTING OVER THERE?
YOU'RE DOING IT AGAIN, CAM.
YOU'RE DOING IT AGAIN!
AAH!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I AM TOO MUCH.
I DO CONTROL.
I DO BARGE.
I'LL HAVE MY FRIEND ABELARD
COME BACK AND PAINT OVER IT.
SO THIS IS WHY YOU KEPT ME
OUTSIDE ALL DAY?
SO THAT YOUR FRIEND ABRRURAR
COULD COME AND PAINT A PRESENT?
YEAH, RATHER THAN GETTING YOU
A GIFT OFF YOUR REGISTRY
LIKE A NORMAL PERSON.
(voice breaking)
I'M SO STUPID.
I LOVE IT!
YOU DO?
IT'S JUST LIKE YOU--
FULL OF COLOR...
AND LIFE... AND LOVE.
(gasps) OH, I REALLY
DID THINK YOU'D LOVE IT.
WHAT'S GOING ON UP HERE?
WHAT THE...
OKAY, THAT WAS NOT MY IDEA.
I TOLD CAM--
I TOLD HIM THAT'S A LOT
TO PUT ON SOMEONE'S WALL.
HOLD ON.
I LIKE IT.
REALLY?
OH...
THANKS, CAM.
YOU ACTUALLY--
MAKES IT EASIER
TO GIVE UP THE ROOM.
(man on TV)
THE RULING ON THE FIELD
IS GONNA STAND...
(sportscast continues,
indistinct)
WOW,
THAT'S CLOSE.
GUY WAS AN INCH
OUT OF BOUNDS.
OH.
(man continues on TV,
whistles blowing)
TIME-OUT.
(exhales deeply)
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M NOT GONNA BE
ABLE TO RELAX
UNTIL I GET THIS
OUT OF THE WAY.
(laughs softly)
DISHWASHER.
(dishwasher whirring)
PRETTY COOL, HUH?
YEAH. IT IS.
UM...
HEY, DO YOU THINK...
OH.
MIND IF I FRESHEN THIS?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
ALLOW ME.
WOW.
YOUR HAND'S SHAKING.
REMEMBER, DAVE,
IT'S JUST A GAME.
(both chuckle)
(barking)
OH!
OH, GOD!
OH, MY GOD!
(chuckles)
MY GOSH.
OH, COME HERE.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
I'M--I'M JUST A LITTLE WET.
OH, NO, YOU'RE DRENCHED.
YOU CAN'T SIT IN THAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
TAKE THAT OFF.
I'LL THROW
'EM BOTH IN THE DRYER
AND GET US A COUPLE
OF CLEAN ONES.
OKAY.
YEAH.
WELL, I GUESS THIS IS
SOMETHING WE'RE DOING.
(cheering on TV)
INTERCEPTION!
OH!
COME ON, BUDDY!
COME ON!
TOUCHDOWN!
YEAH!
(both laughing)
HOW EXCITING IS THIS?!
OH, IT'S BEEN SO LONG.
(TV turns off)
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
UHH. NOTHING.
OH, MY CAR KEYS.
SHOOT. THE TV WENT OFF.
OH.
MUST HAVE SCREWED
SOMETHING UP.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
THERE'S ANOTHER ONE
UPSTAIRS.
HOW ABOUT WE HEAD UP
TO THE BEDROOM
FOR SOME
HALFTIME FESTIVITIES?
OH... OKAY.
LET'S DO THIS.
(barks)
(growls and barks)
I'D FORGOTTEN
HOW MUCH FUN THIS CAN BE.
WE SHOULD MAKE THIS
A REGULAR THING.
PHIL,
PHIL, WAIT.
UH, I THINK
I'D BETTER JUST HEAD HOME.
WHAT?
I'M JUST COMING OUT
OF A LONG-TERM RELATIONSHIP,
AND I GUESS
I'M STILL PRETTY FRAGILE.
I-IT'S NOT THAT I HAVEN'T
HAD A-A GREAT TIME.
NOT AT ALL.
HEY, I GET IT.
I'VE SPENT A FEW NIGHTS
IN HEARTBREAK HOTEL.
IF THERE'S ANYTHING
I CAN DO...
(sighs) YOU'VE ALREADY DONE
MORE THAN YOU KNOW.
(kisses)
(door closes)
HUH.
OHH...
("Hava Nagila" playing)
(camera shutter clicking)
GET AWAY.
UM!
(laughing)
(gasps)